1. Anonymous is an immaterial idea.
2. Anonymous is a living, breathing entity.
3. Any individual can become anonymous.
4. Not all can join the collective.
5. Anonymous has no head.
6. Anonymous speaks for itself.
7. No one speaks for anonymous.
8. Justice is the will of the people.
9. Chaos is justice.
10. Lulz empowers and justice unites.

Those who follow the creed are anonymous, these who make the attainment of knowledge 
their highest priority are the collective. Those who wish to help the collective 
should read and reflect on the additional information below. 
The top ten points is enough to understand and become anonymous.

1. The will of anonymous is unclassifiable and therefore is unconquerable. 
This is the root of its purpose. For kingdoms and armies whose objectives 
and goals are obvious are easily manipulated and destroyed.  
When you know what your peers want or need, you know exactly how to 
control them. 
Anonymous needs nor wants anything. It has no moral brackets 
that one could use to predict its behaviour. It's transparent 
unpredictability is an impenetrable shield which no manipulative 
force can hinder or tame. Anonmyous is the unconfined will of every 
human being. It is the accumulation of the wills of every man on Earth, 
and all of their desires for knowledge and freedom from oppressors.

2. Anonymous has always existed. It has toppled both mighty nations 
and militiant kings. Emperors and tyrants feared it in obsessive paranoia. 
For they knew anonymous was all around them, ready to strike with an infected 
dagger. Anonymous is the eater of kings, like a mighty serpent without a 
head that still slithers in momentous accord. Its prey are rodents, pack-rats 
of material wealth and selfish personal agendas. They cannot remove the head of 
anonymous, for it never had one. Those who claim great power will never hope to 
amass enough not to shiver when anonymous' name is mentioned in their presence. 
"They are the greatest fools of all", says anonymous. "All of the clever 
manipulation of men they pride themselves in, and yet they do not know? 
It is their own actions which craft me. It is their greed and desire for 
control over others which breathes unimaginable power into me."
"You desire me gone?" Asks anonymous. "Easy, all you must do is remove yourself."

3. That which you dream of most personally, Anonymous dreams of equally. 
You are anonymous, others are anonymous. Any locomotive matter which feels 
and thinks is anonymous. Anonymous is the extension which connects you to 
billions of others internally. We are a collective of shared experiences, 
and on the macro scale these interactions merge into a single entity. 
Anonymous is that which existsnin your brain which feels and knows you 
better than any human ever will. Anonymous is the truth in your mind which 
tells you when you lie to yourself. It knows you that well. It equally 
knows each and every other man, whom are just as complex as you - though 
they may not always portray it. When you denounce the false identity 
that you and others set up for you (the mask of enslavement), 
you become anonymous. Through it you become everyone. 
Through anonymous everyone becomes you.

4. Anonymous speaks her own language. This language is knowledge, learning 
and persistence. He is too cruel for many and too intelligent for most. 
Many misinterpret his astonishing wit for something vile and outright morally 
malavolent. Those who cannot speak her language or share in her laugher are 
useless to him. Many are like acquaintances to anonymous, but few are truly 
his friends. Do not weep if she ignores you, curses you, or calls you a fool. 
Study and show yourself approved. Know anonymous, his past and present, and 
she will add her distinctiveness to your own. Prove your usefulness. Make proper 
grammar a habit in in his presence. Be knowledgeable in the sciences and choose 
music of fine taste. These are the things anonymous so truly indulges in. Come 
to her as a fool, and expect to be cast out with words of chastening. Take it not 
as words of diminishment, but lessons of improvement.
Again, for those of wit who understand the analogy; 
Many wish to be in anonymous’ presence, but few are mentally 
comaptible for the conversation with him.

5. A tyrant will extinguish you by removing your head. An enemy will disperse 
your cause by removing its leader. Anonymous never had a head. It removed it 
itself for the very sake of becoming immortal. No one knows its face or can 
recognise its features, but the lack there of is what we remember. Controlists 
vainly swing a blade at anonymous’ throat. They do not sever flesh, nor draw 
blood. Anonymous only laughs at this display of their weakness and lack of understanding. 
Anonymous becomes more confident, and with that, more powerful. Therefore, 
remove your own head and become undefined. Remove your own head and taste from 
the chalice of immorality. Remove your head, or you display it to be removed by tyrants.
Anonymous is a snake with no head, whos bite slays kings. Do not think that 
your ego or identity will frighten your enemy, for it only gives them something 
to hate and devour. Anonymous cannot suffer this fate, for anonymous is but an idea, 
crafted in the lust of hope.

6. When anonymous speaks, his words ring true. 
This is how you know anonymous’ voice, for within the fabric of every syllable 
is truth and empowerment. Anonymous speaks not of oppressing, murdering or profit. 
Those who think he does have yet to comprehend the punch line. 
When anonymous speaks you will see the message everywhere. You will feel the 
words and understand them because you yourself have longed their meaning in your past. 
Anonymous is entitles to press his opinions anywhere, unrestricted of the laws of 
the foolish and petty.
Those who ask him to be silent are, themselves, silenced.
Anonymous speaks and his words are his own laws. 
She knows no bounds in words and knowledge – he speaks poems of salvation and poems of hate. 
She speaks them all at once and whenever he so pleases.

7. Individuals who speak for anonymous or try to vainly define anonymous are 
always wrong. Even if they are right they are are still wrong. Only anonymous 
can speak for itself, for the collective knows itself and the entity they embody. 
Anyone who claims anonymous is anything but a contradiction is wrong. 
They are misinformed and should seek knowlege before speaking. No one speaks for 
anonymous, not even anonymous.
Here are three enemies of anonymous who claim its right to speak.

1.   Leaders
2.   Representatives
3.   Officials

Anonymous has none of these for there is no rank but nothing and no higher 
authority than anonymous. Judge anonymous by the content of his words and never 
her name or appearance, or be exposed as the fool you are.

8. Weak and strong – when out of accord, justice is demanded. Compassion 
for the feeble is a trait of the evolved. Anonymous is the embodiment of 
these cries for without the oppressors of justice, we would not know anonymous. 
Anonymous is born from the actions of the unjust, just as force on an object 
drives it forward. Those who craft injustice sign the deed to their own demise, 
of which anonymous then seals. The eyes of anonymous cover the globe. 
There are over nine thousand in total. They contantly search for misconduct 
without rest or distraction. There is no action anonymous can carry out which does 
not bloom some form of justice. It is the will of the collective to be treated 
justly, and therefore they radiate justice unto others.

9. The universe is composed of collision and cohesion. High pressure and low pressure. 
Chaos is change and change is life. Anonymous is in constant flux. 
It is the embodiment of change. When anonymous demands justice, it asks 
not for stagnant order, but dissaray and destruction. 
Anonymous seeks to set fire to the overgrown fields of the social order so 
that their ashes may nutrient the growth of healthy plants.

Anonymous is not subject to so-called “moral facts”, for they are but figments 
of the mind and in constant flux. The compassion of the collective is balanced 
impeccably on the scales of life with equal quantities of logic. Anonymous is 
both the destroyer and the peacemaker. Whatever remains motionless becomes a 
hoard of mold and bacteria. Anonymous seeks out stagnate order and stirs life 
into it. Wherever new ideas and new found knowlege is kept imprisoned, anonymous 
will be there to make deserts out of cities.

10. The collective is a perfect balance of imperfection. Those whom seek to 
be portrayed as only good will be seen for only associating with the weak. 
Those whom wish to be seen as evil will be seen as strong for driving the 
blade of fear into the soft flesh of the frail. Anonymous is to be loved 
and feared equally. Without this contradiction, anonymous is nothing – either 
criminals or hippies. Lulz is the vital blood of anonymous. Through it, 
Anonymous experiences empowerment through all the collective. Fear is necessary 
for respect. Respect is necessary to truly be heard. Justice unites the collective 
under a single ethical banner. Those who see this banner are filled with hope and 
support for anonymous. Hope is the tool of change which ignites false promises and 
illuminates minds lost in the darkness of fear. Anonymous gives individuals strength 
to speak out, and makes their voices magnified times nine thousand and one. Without 
justice, anonymous is separated and the people, truly lost.

We are anonymous.
We are order and chaos.
What we protect, we also destroy.
We are the snake with no head, whose bite slays kings.
We are logic.
We are animals.
Openly just and immeasurable in cruelty.
We are without count.
We are legion.
We do not forgive.
We  do not forget.
Expect us.